Fix race conditions in censor's querywriter (#468)
cossacklabs/acra: CHANGELOG_DEV.md

## 0.91.0 - 2021-12-01
### Changed

> - wrap with mutex `acra-censor's` query writer's manipulations of cached queries to avoid race conditions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- wrap `acra-censor`'s query writers' manipulations of cached queries with a mutex to avoid race conditions
```
*unsure whether this is better, but you may consider this variant*
